reference: widen the definition of RBAC (#55291)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac.md

<!-- overview -->
Role-based access control (RBAC) is a method of regulating access to computer or
network resources based on the roles of individual users within an organization or

> other entities in a system, such as system accounts performing specific tasks.

Reviewer: changing it from `your` to `an` make it less direct to readers which is against the style guide  (https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#address-the-reader-as-you)

`other entities` is vague.

A cleaner wording could be 

`Role-based access control (RBAC) is a method of regulating access to computer or
network resources based on the roles of *subjects* (users, groups, or service accounts) within your organization.`

Reviewer 2: I call them _principals_; see https://deploy-preview-50364--kubernetes-io-main-staging.netlify.app/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/ (preview for how PR 50364 plans to update the authn page).

Reviewer 2: We can talk about both principals (which doesn't include groups) and subjects (which does / can).

> network resources based on the roles of individual users within an organization or
> other entities in a system, such as system accounts performing specific tasks.

Reviewer 2: I think the word "individual" could still mislead. I'm afraid I would reword again:
```suggestion
network resources based on the roles of specific users within an organization.
As well as being useful to define access for individuals and groups of individuals,
you can use Kubernetes RBAC to authorize other identity principals, such as [ServiceAccounts](/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/).
```
